docs: Add release docs for continue trial, edit hp search, resource a… (#9729)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes/continue-trial.rst

:orphan:

**New Features**

> -  WebUI: Allow user to continue canceled or errored multip-trial experiment for searcher type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- WebUI: Allow users to continue a canceled or errored multi-trial experiment for searcher type
```
